# Post Processing

As the VIEW changes the exposure for ramping, the changes are made in 1/3 stop steps since finer changes are not possible on the camera.  This cause stepping in the brightness of the time-lapse which can be perceived as flicker and needs correction in post processing.  There are several ways to due this, but most require Adobe Photoshop Lightroom.  In the future I plan to add Dark Table support.  There have been many requests for Capture One, but due to there limited support for third party integrations, this likely won't be possible.

Below are a list of post processing methods.  If you're new to it all, I would recommend checking out the Timelapse Workflow plugin.  If you're already using LRTimelapse, stick with that, as the VIEW will integrate nicely into your current workflow.

## Using the Timelapse Workflow plugin

For most users, this will be the easiest and quickest post processing option.  No XMP files are needed, and you can edit anything including exposure and the plugin will smooth it all out.  Download and read the documentation here: <https://www.timelapseworkflow.com/documentation.html>

The plugin is free for VIEW users.  Follow the registration instructions for VIEW users here: <https://www.timelapseworkflow.com/documentation.html#registration>

## Using LRTimelapse

When using LRTimelapse, XMP files from the VIEW are not needed as LRTimelapse will smoothly blend the exposure changes (although they can be used).  Just follow the standard LRTimelapse workflow as described here: <https://forum.lrtimelapse.com/Thread-using-the-timelapse-view-with-lrtimelapse>

When post processing with LRTimelapse, it's ok to adjust the exposure slider, since LRTimelapse will manage the smoothing.

## Using XMPs generated by the VIEW

The VIEW can generate XMP files to provide exposure correction data for Lightroom to eliminate flicker.

If the images were saved to the VIEW's SD card (Destination = 'SD card'), then the deflicker data will already be there when imported into Lightroom.  Just be careful not to change the exposure slider.  All other sliders are ok in the develop mode.

If the images were saved to the camera (Destination = 'Camera'), then the XMPs need to be merged into the same folder as the RAW images.

To retrieve XMPs for clips that were saved to the camera, go to Time-lapse Clips, select the clip, then press the menu (lower right) button and select "Write XMPs to SD card".  This step is necessary even if an SD card was present in the VIEW while recording to the camera.

For blending changes in white balance or other parameters (don't change exposure with this method, though), try Jeffrey Friedl’s "Timelapse Support" Lightroom plugin: <http://regex.info/blog/lightroom-goodies/timelapse-support>

## Deflickering during render

This is not ideal, but if you prefer to process the photos in Capture One or another program besides Lightroom, deflickering can be done on the resulting images after the initial RAW conversion.  Tools for this include GBDeflicker, TLDF, and Sequence.